feat: update wadm docs for 1.0 format (#379)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/ecosystem/wadm/model.md

      type: component
      properties:
        image: wasmcloud.azurecr.io/echo:0.3.8
        id: echo
        config:
          - name: default-language
            properties:
              lang: en-US
      traits: ...
```

> The `image` property of the `component` component contains a file reference, an OCI image reference URL, or a Bindle image reference. The `id` property is an optional unique identifier you can assign your component. Generally, unless you have a reason to, it's recommended to omit the `id` property and let wadm assign a generated identifier for you which is a combination of the manifest name and the component name. Configuration specified here for the component will be available to the component at runtime via the [wasi-runtime-config](https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-runtime-config) interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `image` property of the `component` component can contain:
- a file reference
- an OCI image reference URL
- a Bindle image reference

The `id` property is an optional unique identifier you can assign your component. Generally, unless you have a reason to, it's recommended to omit the `id` property and let wadm assign a generated identifier for you which is a combination of the manifest name and the component name. 

Configuration specified here for the component will be available to the component at runtime via the [wasi-runtime-config](https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-runtime-config) interface.
```

```

:::info

> When launching a component from a local file, ensure that the environment variable `WASMCLOUD_ALLOW_FILE_LOAD=true` is set when you launch wasmCloud. This is the default for hosts running with `wash up`. Only absolute paths are supported, since clients cannot reliably assume which directory the target host was started from. When running hosts locally with `wash up` for development, however, it is possible to use relative paths (which is converted to an absolute path) for convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When launching a component from a local file, ensure that the environment variable `WASMCLOUD_ALLOW_FILE_LOAD=true` is set when you launch wasmCloud. If you started your host with `wash up`, file loading is enabled by default.

Note that only absolute paths are supported when using file loading, since clients cannot reliably assume which directory the target host was started from. When running hosts locally with `wash up` for development, however, it is possible to use relative paths (which is converted to an absolute path) for convenience.
```

The value of the `target` field is a _component_ whose `name` field matches that. The `values` is a simple key-value map that will be passed as link definition configuration data at deployment time. Note that the value here **must be a string**, so if you're passing a value like "false" or "125" ensure that you wrap it in single or double quotes.

:::info[Target vs source configuration]

> Links include both a `target_config` and a `source_config` field for providing configuration. This can be used to provide configuration values to just the component that needs them. For example, in the above snippet, the _target_ of the link is the Redis provider which needs to know what URL to connect to, and the _source_ of the link is a component that doesn't need that configuration. This is very important for security sensitive configuration that you don't want to expose unnecessarily to additional components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links include both a `target_config` and a `source_config` field for providing configuration. This can be used to provide configuration values to just the component that needs them. 

For example, in the above snippet, the _target_ of the link is the Redis provider which needs to know what URL to connect to, and the _source_ of the link is a component that doesn't need that configuration. This is very important for security sensitive configuration that you don't want to expose unnecessarily to additional components.
```
